README.md, before:

# deep-dna

A repository of deep learning models for DNA samples and sequences.

## Setup

```bash
git clone https://github.com/DLii-Research/deep-dna
cd deep-dna
pip3 install -e .
```

## Model Types

### DNA Embeddings

- DNABERT
- DNABERT Autoencoder

### GAN

- Conditional GAN
- Conditional WGAN
- Conditional VEEGAN
- Conditional VEEWGAN
- Generative Adversarial Set Transformers (GAST)

- DNAGAST
- DNAWGAST
- DNAVEEGAST
- DNAVEEWGAST

## Dependencies

In order to run these models, you'll need to install the necessary dependencies from my other repositories linked below.

- [lmdbm-lockable](https://github.com/SirDavidLudwig/lmdb-python-dbm)
- [Tensorflow](https://www.tensorflow.org/)
- [tf-utilities](https://pypi.org/project/tf-utilities/)
- [tf-settransformer](https://pypi.org/project/tf-settransformer/)
- [Weights & Biases](https://wandb.ai)

## Training & Evaluation

Each model architecture can me trained/evaluated by invoking the appropriate script located in the `scripts/` directory. These scripts integrate the Weights & Biases platform directly for easy version control, thus W&B must be configured appropriately on your system before execution.

Commit message:

Add instructions for generating synthetic test sets to readme

README.md, after:

# deep-dna

A repository of deep learning models for DNA samples and sequences.

## Setup

```bash
git clone https://github.com/DLii-Research/deep-dna
cd deep-dna
pip3 install -e .
```

## Dataset Preparation

Start by specifying the data locations.

```bash
synthetic_data_path=~/Datasets/Synthetic
```

### Generating Synthetic Test Sets

To generate a synthetic test set, use the `./scripts/dataset/generate_synthetic_test.py` utility script. The following produces a test set for the datasets used in this project.

```bash
for dataset in Hopland Nachusa SFD Wetland; do
    for synthetic_classifier in Naive Bertax Topdown; do
        for distribution in natural uniform; do
            echo "Dataset: $dataset, Synthetic Classifier: $synthetic_classifier, Distribution: $distribution"
            python3 ./scripts/dataset/generate_synthetic_test.py \
                --synthetic-data-path $synthetic_data_path \
                --dataset $dataset \
                --synthetic-classifier $synthetic_classifier \
                --distribution $distribution
        done
    done
done
```
